{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar \b\f4\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext16 API Title;}{\s16\widctlpar \f4 
\sbasedon0\snext16 API Description;}{\s17\widctlpar \f11\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext17 API Function;}{\s18\widctlpar \b\f4 \sbasedon0\snext16 API Section;}{\s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 \sbasedon0\snext16 API Parameter Description;}{\s20\widctlpar \i\f4 
\sbasedon0\snext19 API Parameter Name;}{\s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 footnote text;}{\*\cs22 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\title SNetCreateGame}{\author Mike O'Brien}{\operator Mike O'Brien}
{\creatim\yr1996\mo8\dy21\hr16\min18}{\revtim\yr1996\mo10\dy3\hr19\min9}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords317}{\nofchars1812}{\*\company Blizzard Entertainment}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs40 {\cs22\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs22\super $}
 SNetSelectGame}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs22\super #} SNetSelectGame}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs22\super K} SNetSelectGame}} SNetSelectGame
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par Supplies user interface screens to allow the player to select from a list of games or create a new game, then creates or joins the game and returns the local user\rquote s game player ID.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f11\fs22 BOOL SNetSelectGame (
\par \tab DWORD\tab \tab \tab \tab flags,
\par \tab SNETPROGRAMDATAPTR\tab programdata,
\par \tab SNETPLAYERDATAPTR\tab playerdata,
\par \tab SNETUIDATAPTR\tab \tab interfacedata,
\par \tab SNETVERSIONDATAPTR\tab versiondata,
\par \tab DWORD\tab \tab \tab \tab *playerid
\par );
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s18\widctlpar \b\f4 Parameters
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s20\widctlpar \i\f4 flags
\par \pard\plain \s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 A set of flags specifying which options should be provided to the user.  The following flags are defined:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx3780\cellx7812 \pard \s19\widctlpar\intbl {\b Value}\cell {\b Meaning}\cell \pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl \f4\fs20 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx3780\cellx7812 \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar\intbl \f4 SNET_
SF_ALLOWCREATE\cell The user is allowed to create new games.  If this flag is not specified, the user is only allowed to join existing games.\cell \pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl \f4\fs20 \row \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s20\widctlpar \i\f4 programdata
\par \pard\plain \s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 A pointer to a structure containing information about the program, such as the program name, version, and number of players supported.  This is a mandatory parameter.
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s20\widctlpar \i\f4 playerdata
\par \pard\plain \s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 
A pointer to a structure containing the name and description of the current player.  The provider may use this information if it performs a matchmaking process.  The provider also uses this information when creating or joining a game.  This is a mandatory
 parameter.
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s20\widctlpar \i\f4 interfacedata
\par \pard\plain \s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 A pointer to a structure containing i
nformation about how the network provider should display user interface screens if necessary.  Most network providers will fail if this information is not given.  For example, the modem provider cannot query the user for a phone number to dial without the
 ability to display user interface screens.
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s20\widctlpar \i\f4 versiondata
\par \pard\plain \s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 A pointer to a structure containing information about the application which is necessary for automatic version control.  Some network providers are capable of performing over-the-wire version updates.
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s20\widctlpar \i\f4 playerid
\par \pard\plain \s19\li720\widctlpar \f4 The ID that is assigned to the player, if the function successfully creates or joins a game.
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s18\widctlpar \b\f4 Return Value
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4 
\par This function returns TRUE for success or FALSE for failure.  The function can fail if:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \s16\fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}No network provider has been initialized.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}The program data is missing or invalid.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}The player data is missing or invalid.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}The interface data is missing or invalid
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}No variable is provided to receive the player ID.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}The user canceled the creation or joining process.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}The system is out of memory.
\par }